What functionality is added when a class C (e.g. Parts) includes the line `extend Forwardable`?

1) Class C acquires some new methods, specifically those listed in the `def_delegators` statement.
2) Class C can now be used as a delegate within another class.
3) More or less the same as if class C was derived from class Array, for example: class C < Array

A 'factory' is:

1) Any variable or class or method can be called factory, it's not a special name
2) Factory is the name of a pattern, the 'factory pattern' and denotes a class whose sole job is to create other classes
3) Factory is a fairly advanced feature in the Ruby language which can also be found in other languages

In Ruby, the Openstruct and Struct classes do:
1) The same thing; OpenStruct was added into Ruby when it was made more general
2) Struct is a core part of the Ruby language; OpenStruct is just a gem that does something different
3) Struct and OpenStruct are both in the core Ruby library and solve similar problems.

Composition vs. Inheritence:
1) Are alternative design approaches which solve essentially the same problem. Everything you can do with one, you can do with the other
2) Composition is when a class is designed to need another class to provide it's full functionality. When Inheritence and Composition can both be used to solve a problem, prefer Composition every time.
3) Two fundamental Object Oriented design patterns, which are important and applicable in different situations. They are not the same thing.

-- Chapter 9 of POODR


Exam Question:

When sharding it is necessary that each piece of information have a unique id. In other words, and as an example, to be able to find the profile picture of a certain user we need a uniqueID that we store in the user profile, which can be used to locate the picture. Or, to be able to find a certain tweet (which could be stored on one of many shards) you need a uniqueID that allows you to locate it.

Considering Postgres as your database and Sinatra as your framework, describe how you would compute a unique id so that you can be sure there would be no conflict when two different users simultaneously tweet. After all the logic for creating the tweet record is running concurrently on two different servers. How do you make sure they don't both come up with the same ID?

(see http://instagram-engineering.tumblr.com/post/10853187575/sharding-ids-at-instagram)
